Add new section and guides on versioning and accessing older docs versions (#2130)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/update_and_migration/previous_docs_version.md

> # Accessing previous documentation versions

Author: I feel that, on its own, it's barely understandable. Like, "documentation" seems like it's missing something. idk, for some reason "previous" and "documentation" feel like they don't belong together.

What about this:

```suggestion
# Accessing previous docs versions
```

> # Accessing previous documentation versions

Reviewer: If it makes the title take up a single line in the sidebar, I'm okay with it. If not, I don't see much of a point, would probably vote to keep it how it is.

> Meilisearch's documentation only covers the latest stable release. It is possible, however, to consult the documentation of previous Meilisearch versions stored in our Git repository.

Author: I've been actively trying to remove terms like "now", "currently", and "for the moment" from the docs. I think they don't really add much information (beyond a vague "this might change" vibe) and most sentences become clearer without it. 

I like your suggestion otherwise, though—may I remove that bit?

> Meilisearch's documentation only covers the latest stable release. It is possible, however, to consult the documentation of previous Meilisearch versions stored in our Git repository.

Reviewer: Sure! I edited it for ya 🙆🏻

This guide covers downloading Meilisearch's documentation repository, fetching the content for a specific version, and reading it in your local machine.

::: warning
The process of accessing previous versions of Meilisearch's documentation is not user-friendly and significantly error-prone. In the absolute majority of cases, it is better to upgrade to the latest Meilisearch version than to follow this guide.
:::

## Prerequisites

To make the best use of this guide, you should have some familiarity with the command line. Before beginning, you should also make sure the following tools are installed in your machine:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node v14](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/)
- [Python 3](https://www.python.org)

> ## Cloning the repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Clone the repository
```

The first step in accessing previous versions of the Meilisearch documentation is downloading the docs repository into your local machine. In Git, this is often referred to as cloning.

Open your console and run the following command. It will create a `documentation` directory containing the Meilisearch documentation repository:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation.git
```

You may alternatively [clone the repository using an SSH URL](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/about-remote-repositories#cloning-with-ssh-urls).

## Select a Meilisearch version

The repository contains tags running from Meilisearch v0.8 up to the latest release. Use these tags together with `git checkout` to access a specific version.

The following command fetches Meilisearch v0.20 documentation:

```sh
git checkout v0.20
```

## Access the documentation

> Much like the search engine itself, Meilisearch's documentation went through different iterations during its lifetime. There are three ways of accessing the documentation of previous Meilisearch releases depending on the version you checked out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three different ways of accessing the documentation of previous Meilisearch releases depending on the version you checked out.
```

> ### Run a local Vuepress server (v0.17 and above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### v0.17 and above: run a local Vuepress server
```

> Meilisearch's documentation was designed to be consulted over a web browser. Running the website locally is the most user-friendly way of accessing docs specific to older versions of Meilisearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Install dependencies

The Meilisearch documentation manages its dependencies with Yarn. Run the following command to install all required packages:

```sh
yarn install
```

#### Start the local server

After installing dependencies, use yarn to start the server:

```sh
yarn dev
```

Yarn will build the website from the markdown source files. Once it is done, use your browser to navigate to `http://localhost:8080`.

::: warning

> The site search bar and SDK code samples rely on content hosted externally and are not available in local copies of the documentation website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The site search bar and SDK code samples are not available in local copies of the documentation website.
```

Author: "Not available" might not be technically correct when talking about the search bar, but IMHO "the behaviour is undefined" is a needlessly detailed and complex way of saying "it doesn't work". I'll amend the text with another fix.

:::

> ### Run a simple Python server (v0.11-v0.16)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### v0.11-v0.16: run a simple Python server
```

> Accessing the documentation for Meilisearch v0.11 up to and including v0.16 requires launching a Python HTTP server on your local machine. Run the following command on your console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessing Meilisearch documentation from v0.11 to v0.16 requires launching a Python HTTP server on your local machine. Run the following command on your console:
```

Author: Yeap, any barebones HTTP server will work here. I'll amend the text to make that clearer.

```sh
python3 -m http.server 8080
```

Once this is done, use your browser to navigate to `http://localhost:8080`.

> ### Navigate markdown source files (v0.10 and below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### v0.8 to v0.10: read markdown source files
```

> Due to an unconsolidated build workflow on early documentation website versions, it can be challenging to manage deprecated tools and antiquated libraries. When accessing documentation for Meilisearch v0.10 and earlier, it is often more efficient to browse the documentation source with the help of a modern text editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to an unconsolidated build workflow on early versions of the documentation website involving multiple deprecated tools and libraries, we recommend browsing the source markdown files, either locally with the help of a modern text editor or using GitHub's interface.
```

Maybe we could also add a screenshot to this effect and a brief description of how to view tags on GitHub?

![Screen Shot 2023-02-01 at 1 13 51 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68053732/216039807-b2408c8e-2ccb-49d7-97a9-d85c86c872ed.png)

Reviewer: I'm actually thinking that we should present browsing the markdown files in GitHub's editor as a separate option at the beginning of the guide for those who don't want to deal with cloning and building the site. WDYT?

Author: I don't think presenting it as a first option is a good idea. Telling people to clone the repo and build the website locally is already a low-effort solution on our part, so starting the article by saying "the content is on github, just navigate around the repo" gives me the impression we're not taking the matter with any degree of seriousness. "Our first suggestion is to do the thing that requires the least amount of effort on our part."
